Crow: WHAT HAPPENED
TO THIS PLACE?!
I MEAN, LOOK AT THIS!
CLEANER STREETS,
NICE BUILDINGS...
Yusei: HA!
THE SATELLITE WE ALL
GREW UP IN IS GONE,
THAT'S FOR SURE.
WHAT DO YOU LADS SAY
TO A HIGH-SPEED RACE
THROUGH THE STREETS
FOR THE OLD TIME'S SAKE?
YOU'RE ON.
Crow: WHAT'S UP,
LITTLE RUNTS?
Spike:
CROW! YUSEI!
LONG TIME NO SEE!
JACK, WILL YOU DUEL
ME LATER TODAY?!
WELL, LOOK WHO'S DECIDED
TO RETURN TO THEIR OLD
STOMPING GROUNDS.
GOOD TO SEE YOU GUYS.
DID YOU SET UP SHOP FULL TIME
HERE, BLISTER?
YOU'VE TASTED
MARTHA'S COOKING.
HOW COULD I WALK
AWAY FROM THAT?
HAVE YOU NERDS
BEEN BEHAVING?
BEEN PRACTICING
EVERY DAY.
AND WE HELP MARTHA
TAKE CARE OF ALL
THE OLD PEOPLE.
THEY CAUSIN' YOU
ANY TROUBLE, MARTHA?
NOTHIN' LIKE THE TROUBLE
YOU CAUSED ME WHEN YOU
WERE THEIR AGE.
[LAUGHTER]
NOW GO LOOK AROUND
YOU THREE,
AND MEET US BACK
IN THE HOUSE.
Martha:
SO WHAT DID HE SAY?
Schmidt: NOTHING.
HE JUST LAUNCHED
A TRASH CAN LID AT ME.
THAT SOUNDS PAINFUL.
Martha:
OH, HEY, YOU THREE.
MAYBE YOU CAN
HELP US OUT, CROW.
WITH WHAT?
MISTER BASHFORD.
AN ELDERLY FELLOW
WHO LIVES BY HIMSELF
OUT IN THE
GROGAN DISTRICT.
WE'VE BEEN WORRIED
ABOUT HIM
AND WE WANTED
TO OFFER HIM
THE CHANCE TO RELOCATE
AND LIVE HERE
AT MARTHA'S PLACE.
BUT HE'S A LITTLE HARD-HEADED
AND HE WON'T EVEN LISTEN TO WHAT
WE HAVE TO SAY.
YOU SHOULD GO
AND CONVINCE HIM
TO MOVE HERE, CROW.
WAIT, WHAT, WHY ME?
OLD PEOPLE MAKE ME
KINDA NERVOUS.
HEAR THAT, YOU GUYS,
CROW'S NOT UP FOR
THE CHALLENGE.
SAY WHAT?
YEAH--HE CAN'T
PULL IT OFF.
HE'S NOT CLEVER ENOUGH.
OH, YES I AM!
YOU JUST SET
AN EXTRA PLATE TONIGHT
'CAUSE THIS OLD-FOSSIL'S
GONNA BE LIVING HERE BY SUNDOWN.
WAIT A MINUTE,
CROW.
I'M ON THIS LIKE POP ON CORN.
SO TALK TO ME, WHERE DO I FIND
THIS OLD CROCK POT?
HEH! HE HAS NO IDEA
WHAT HE'S GETTING INTO.
SHOULD WE GO AHEAD
AND CALL THE
AMBULANCE NOW?
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
I MISS
THE OLD TIMES, SON.
HEY, THERE, DAD...
STILL TOO BUSY TO DUEL ME?
NO, ADAM, I'M NOT...
NOT ANYMORE.
HUH? TRESPASSERS.
SOMEBODY LIVES HERE?!
IT'S A MOUNTAIN OF JUNK.
Yusei: IT'S MORE LIKE
A MOUNTAIN RANGE OF JUNK.
ARE YOU CERTAIN
THIS IS THE RIGHT PLACE?
THIS IS IT.
ALRIGHT, GUYS,
I'M ON IT.
Bashford:
THAT'S CLOSE ENOUGH, PUNK!
Blister:
AND THAT IS MISTER BASHFORD.
WHAT'S UP,
YOU OLD-TIMER!
YA' WANNA DITCH THIS TRASH HEAP
N' COME LIVE AT MARTHA'S PLACE?
Yusei: GOOD, CROW.
NICE AND DIRECT.
Bashford:
THIS "TRASH HEAP" IS MY HOME!
BUT YOU'RE ALL ALONE.
WHAT IF YOU FALL DOWN
AND CAN'T GET UP?
THE ONLY WAY I'M LEAVIN'S
IF YOU DRAG ME OUT.
WELL, YOU HEARD HIM.
GUESS I GOTTA INFILTRATE
THE FORTRESS.
HE'S GONNA
REGRET THAT.
AH!
YOU'RE COMING WITH ME,
OLD MAN!
AH!
I'M NOT GOING ANYWHERE,
BUT I CAN'T SAY
THE SAME FOR YOU!
AH!
THIS MEANS WAR,
OLD TIMER!
AH!
KEEP COMIN', SQUIRT.
HA! HA HA!
WHOA! I'M FALLING!
OKAY, NOW THIS IS MY IDEA
OF A GOOD TIME, BOYS.
WE SHOULD DO STUFF LIKE THIS
MORE OFTEN.
CRAFTY USE OF THE DOUBLE TRAP,
GRAMPA...
THING IS...
I DO NOT GIVE UP EASILY.
THANK YOU FOR FLYIN'
AIR BASHFORD!
WHOA!
I'D GIVE THAT DIVE
AN EIGHT-POINT THREE.
AH...HUH?
WHOA!
EASY BIG FELLA!
HUH?
THIS IS A DUEL ARENA.
SO THAT WAS A HOLOGRAM JUST NOW.
HEY, CROW!
THAT WAS A DOOZY.
YOU ALRIGHT?
I'M GOOD.
BUT FORGET ME.
LOOK AT THIS!
IT'S A DUEL ARENA!
LIKE A REAL ONE!
LOOK AT THOSE SUPPORTING RODS,
THEY'RE MADE OF TIRE RIMS.
YEAH...
I'M THINKING THIS
IS A HOMEMADE JOB.
Bashford:
HEY!
NO ONE'S ALLOWED UP THERE.
GET DOWN!
EASY THERE, GRANDPA...
I'M ONLY UP HERE BECAUSE
YOU FLUNG ME UP HERE
WITH YOUR
LIL' BOOBY-TRAP.
I DON'T CARE HOW
YOU GOT UP THERE.
JUST GET DOWN.
I GOT A BETTER IDEA--
WHY DON'T YOU GET ON UP HERE
AND DUEL ME, CENTURY MAN?
WHAT DID YOU SAY?
IF I LOSE,
I WILL QUIETLY LEAVE.
BUT IF I WIN, YOU HAVE
TO COME AND CHECK OUT
WHAT LIFE IS LIKE
AT MARTHA'S PLACE.
COME ON, YOU HAVE
THIS INCREDIBLE ARENA
JUST STANDING HERE!
YOU GOTTA DUEL ME,
GRANDPA!
I HAVE ALWAYS WANTED
TO THROW DOWN
IN A REAL DUEL ARENA
LIKE THIS ONE!
UH, YOU, UH...
YOU REALLY LIKE
MY DUEL ARENA, DO YA NOW?
YEAH!
OF COURSE I LIKE IT!
WHAT'S NOT TO LIKE?
WELL, THEN--
LET'S SEE HOW YOU LIKE
LOSING ON IT!
ARE THEY SERIOUS
ABOUT THIS?
YOU AND I'VE DUELED
FOR SILLIER REASONS.
LET'S DUEL!
SENIORITY FIRST!
I DRAW!
I SUMMON MATERNAL JUNK
IN DEFENSE MODE!
ALRIGHT,
YA' WHIPPERSNAPPER--
SHOW ME WHAT
YOU'RE MADE OF.
DON'T WORRY--
I'M PLANNING ON IT!
I'M NOT GOIN'
EASY ON YOU,
JUST 'CAUSE
YOU'RE OLD.
I DRAW!
I SUMMON BLACKWING VAYU!
AND SINCE BIRDS OF A
FEATHER FLOCK TOGETHER,
I CAN SUMMON ANOTHER
BLACKWING FROM MY HAND
TO JOIN VAYU
ON THE FIELD.
SAY HELLO TO
BORA THE SPEAR!
WHEN THIS BLACKWING
ATTACKS A MONSTER
IN DEFENSE MODE,
AND IT'S ROCKIN'
MORE ATTACK POINTS
THAN YOUR MONSTER
HAS DEFENSE POINTS...
IT SLAMS YOU
WITH THE DIFFERENCE!
DUCK AND COVER,
YA OLD FOGEY!
'CAUSE BORA'S ATTACKING
WITH SPIRALLING SPEAR!
I ACTIVATE A TRAP--
SCRAP-IRON SCARECROW!
NICE.
LOOKS LIKE BASHFORD'S USING
A JUNK DECK LIKE MINE.
AFTER SCRAP-IRON SCARECROW
SCRAPS YOUR MONSTER'S ATTACK,
I CAN ONCE AGAIN PLACE IT
FACEDOWN ON MY FIELD!
SO--THERE!
HEH.
I'M THINKIN' I MIGHT'VE
UNDERESTIMATED
YOU, GRAMPS.
AND BY UNDERESTIMATING ME,
YOU'VE WALKED HEADFIRST
INTO A CERTAIN DEFEAT.
IT'S MY TURN. I DRAW!
ADAM...
IS THAT YOU?
WOW!
THIS IS INCREDIBLE!
IT'S LIKE A REAL DUEL ARENA,
DAD!
BUILT IT JUST FOR YOU.
LET'S BREAK IT IN WITH
A LITTLE FATHER-SON DUEL?
HA HA!
I CAN'T RIGHT NOW,
I GOTTA GO.
BUT...
HEY, GRANDPA--
SOMETHIN' WRONG?
IT'S NOTHIN', JUST...
JUST NEVER YOU MIND!
ALRIGHT, ALRIGHT!
SO MAKE A MOVE ALREADY.
I SUMMON PATERNAL JUNK
IN ATTACK MODE!
AND WHEN MATERNAL JUNK
IS ON MY FIELD...
PATERNAL JUNK GAINS AN
ADDITIONAL 500 ATTACK POINTS!
AND NOW FROM MY HAND,
I ACTIVATE THE JUNK
FACTORY FIELD SPELL!
WHAT'S THIS ABOUT?
IT'S ABOUT WINNING,
SONNY BOY!
AND DON'T YOU FORGET IT!
SEE, HERE
IN THE JUNK FACTORY,
EVERY JUNK MONSTER ON THE FIELD
GAINS 500 ATTACK POINTS.
PRETTY GOOD, OLD DUDE!
YOU NEARLY DOUBLED
THAT MONSTER'S POWER
WITHOUT HAVING TO
SACRIFICE ANYTHING.
BASHFORD'S
GOT A GOOD PAIR.
AND IF HE SUMMONS WHAT
I THINK HE'LL SUMMON,
HE'LL HAVE A FULL HOUSE.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN,
"HE'LL HAVE A FULL
HOUSE?"
YOU SAYING
CROW'S DONE FOR?
Yusei: NO WAY.
I'M PRETTY SURE CROW'S
GOT A FEW FEATHERS
UP HIS SLEEVE.
LET'S BATTLE!
GO, PATERNAL JUNK,
ATTACK!!
YOU JUST HELPED ME OUT,
YA' GOOFEY GEEZER.
BECAUSE BLACKWING VAYU
THE EMBLEM OF HONOR
ONLY HAS THE POWER
TO SYNCHRO SUMMON
FROM THE GRAVEYARD.
MY COMEBACK'LL BE
STARTING RIGHT NOW.
IT'S HARD TO MAKE A COMEBACK
IN THE JUNK FACTORY, SONNY.
WHADDYA MEAN?
IN THE JUNK FACTORY--
WHEN ONE OF MY JUNK MONSTERS
DESTROYS ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS...
I CAN SNAG IT
FROM YOUR GRAVEYARD
AND SEND IT PACKIN'
BACK TO YOUR DECK.
AAH!
AW, MAN!
NOT BAD.
I GOTTA HAND IT TO YA',
YA OLD DOG.
YOU STILL KNOW
A LOT OF TRICKS.
HA!...
WELL, FOR MY NEXT TRICK,
I PLACE THREE CARDS
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN!
WHY WON'T HE SUMMON IT?
SUMMON WHAT?
IT'S MY MOVE!...
HMPH!
I ACTIVATE
THE BLACK WINGED
STRAFE SPELL CARD,
WHICH WIPES OUT ONE
O' YOUR MONSTERS
IN DEFENSE MODE
BY SENDING A BLACKWING
FROM MY HAND
TO MY GRAVEYARD!
LET'S SAY GOODBYE
TO MY SHURA THE
BLUE FLAME...
AND THEN SAY GOODBYE
TO YOUR MATERNAL JUNK!
NOT SO FAST!
GO SCRAP-IRON BARRICADE!
DURING THIS TURN,
YOU CAN'T DESTROY THE MONSTER
PROTECTED BY THIS BARRICADE
WITH CARD EFFECTS!
GRR...
AND JUST LIKE
SCRAP-IRON SCARECROW--
AFTER BEING ACTIVATED,
SCRAP-IRON BARRICADE
CAN RETURN TO ITS FACEDOWN
POSITION ON THE FIELD.
GRR...
PRETTY GOOD, OLD TIMER!
BUT LET'S SEE HOW
YOU HANDLE BLACKWING
BLIZZARD THE FAR NORTH.
WHEN BLIZZARD
THE FAR NORTH IS
SUCCESSFULLY SUMMONED,
I CAN THEN
SPECIAL SUMMON
ONE LEVEL 4-OR-BELOW
BLACKWING FROM
MY GRAVEYARD
TO COME AND JOIN HIM
ON THE FIELD.
SO I SPECIAL SUMMON--
BLACKWING SHURA
THE BLUE FLAME
IN DEFENSE MODE!
HMPH!
THEN I'LL JUST ACTIVATE
ANOTHER TRAP!
SCRAP-IRON PITFALL!
HUH? YOU GOTTA
BE KIDDING ME!
AFRAID NOT, SPARKY!
WHEN YOU USE
A SPECIAL SUMMONING
TO BRING A MONSTER
TO THE FIELD,
IT FALLS RIGHT INTO
MY SCRAP-IRON PITFALL,
AND RETURNS TO YOUR HAND.
AW, MAN!
AND NOW JUST LIKE
MY OTHER TRAPS--
THIS CARD RETURNS
TO ITS FACEDOWN POSITION.
GRR...
THIS WHACKY OLD TIMER
SETS UP HIS FIELD
LIKE HE SET UP
HIS HOUSE--
SURROUNDED
BY JUNK TRAPS.
IF I CAN'T FIGURE OUT
A WAY THROUGH,
I DON'T HAVE A CHANCE.
THE OLD MAN'S
STARTING TO RATTLE OUR
EASILY RATTLED FRIEND.
CROW JUST NEEDS TO
FIND A WAY AROUND
ALL THOSE TRAPS.
FROM MY HAND,
I ACTIVATE THE CARDS
FOR BLACK FEATHERS SPELL
WHICH GIVES ME THE POWER
TO DRAW TWO NEW CARDS
FROM MY DECK
IN EXCHANGE FOR SENDING
A BLACKWING FROM MY HAND
TO THE GRAVEYARD.
SO BY SHIPPING OFF
MY SHURA THE BLUE FLAME,
I CAN DRAW!
WHEN THERE'S ANOTHER
BLACKWING ON MY FIELD,
I CAN SUMMON
GALE THE WHIRLWIND
FROM MY HAND
IN ATTACK MODE!
NOW I ACTIVATE
WHIRLWIND'S SPECIAL
ABILITY!
THIS BLACKWING CAN HALVE
ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS'
ATTACK AND DEFENSE
POINTS!
WITH THAT DONE--
NOW BORA THE SPEAR
CAN ATTACK
PATERNAL JUNK!
I ACTIVATE MY TRAP!
SCRAP-IRON SCARECROW!
I WAS AFRAID
YOU'D DO THAT.
YOU'RE NEVER GETTIN' TO ME,
SONNY BOY.
HEH! NEVER SAY "NEVER,"
YA' OLD JIBBER JABBER.
'CAUSE YA' NEVER KNOW.
GALE THE WHIRLWIND
RECYCLE THAT
PATERNAL JUNK!
CROW REALIZES
THAT BLACKWING
AND PATERNAL JUNK
BOTH HAVE
THIRTEEN-HUNDRED
ATTACK POINTS,
DOESN'T HE?
DOES HE WANNA DESTROY
THE BOTH OF 'EM?
BEFORE ATTACKIN',
I ACTIVATE
THE MOON SHADOW'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
FROM MY HAND!
BY SENDING THIS CARD
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN INCREASE GALE
THE WHIRLWIND'S
ATTACK POINTS
BY FOURTEEN-HUNDRED.
AH, SO HE'S NOT CRAZY!
GALE THE WHIRLWIND
ATTACK!
HOW DO YA' LIKE THAT?
NEVER COUNT ME OUT!
LET'S SEE IF YOU'RE
STILL DOIN' YOUR
LITTLE HAPPY DANCE
AFTER I ACTIVATE
MY TRAP CARD!
WHAT?
YOU'VE GOT ANOTHER ONE?
WITH THE TRAP JUNK SPIRIT
IN PLAY--
WHEN A JUNK MONSTER
IS DESTROYED IN BATTLE
AND SENT TO MY GRAVEYARD...
I CAN RE-SUMMON
THAT MONSTER
DURING THE END PHASE!
HOW DO YOU LIKE THAT?
NO WAY!!
I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN AND END
MY TURN!
AND NOW PATERNAL JUNK
RETURNS TO THE FIELD!
AND ONCE AGAIN, BECAUSE OF
MATERNAL JUNK AND PATERNAL
JUNK'S SPECIAL ABILITIES,
PATERNAL JUNK GAINS
A THOUSAND ATTACK POINTS!
AW, GREAT...
SO WE'RE BACK
TO WHERE WE WERE.
Yusei: OKAY,
NOW I'M CONFUSED--
WHAT'S THE OLD GUY WAITING FOR?
I KNOW.
HE SEEMS INTO THAT
FAMILY STRUCTURE TACTIC,
SO WHY HASN'T
HE COMPLETED IT YET?
SO YOU'RE SAYING--
IF PATERNAL JUNK'S
THE FATHER
AND MATERNAL JUNK'S
THE MOTHER,
THEN THAT MEANS...
THAT MEANS
THERE'S A THIRD CARD
MISSING FROM
THAT FAMILY.
Yusei: YUP--KID JUNK.
IF HE'D SUMMON IT
TO THE FIELD,
PATERNAL JUNK'D GAIN ANOTHER
THOUSAND ATTACK POINTS
IN ORDER TO PROTECT THE KID
FROM ANY HARM.
Blister: GOTCHA.
AND IF
THAT HAPPENED--
THE OLD MAN WOULD
HAVE THIS IN THE
BAG, IS THAT IT?
WELL, IF THAT WAS PART
OF HIS PLAN, HE'D HAVE
DONE IT ALREADY.
WITH PATERNAL JUNK
AND MATERNAL JUNK
BOTH ON THE FIELD,
GRAMPS COULD'VE USED THEIR
ABILITIES TO SUMMON KID JUNK
STRAIGHT FROM HIS HAND.
SO WHY WOULDN'T
THAT BE PART OF
THE OLD MAN'S PLAN?
WHO KNOWS.
WHAT'S GOIN' ON, YUSEI?
WHERE ARE YOU OFF TO?
GOIN' TO POKE AROUND
IN THE OLD MAN'S HOUSE.
I'VE GOT A HUNCH
ABOUT SOMETHING.
WHAT KINDA HUNCH?
LET'S JUST SAY THAT IF
IT TURNS OUT I'M RIGHT,
THEN CROW HAS NOTHING
TO WORRY ABOUT.
WHAT IS HE TALKING ABOUT?
WHAT IS HIS HUNCH?
Bashford:
MY TURN, SONNY.
I DRAW! HUH.
I ACTIVATE
THE JUNK BARRAGE SPELL CARD.
Duel Runner Computer:
WHEN THE MONSTER EQUIPPED
WITH THE SPELL CARD
JUNK BARRAGE DESTROYS A MONSTER,
YOU DEAL DAMAGE EQUAL TO HALF
THE DESTROYED MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS.
Bashford: AND I EQUIP IT
ON TO PATERNAL JUNK!
AND WITH THAT BOOST...
NOW, PATERNAL JUNK,
ATTACK BLACKWING GALE
THE WHIRLWIND!
LOOKS LIKE THAT BIRDBRAIN
OF A MONSTER YOU HAVE
IS ABOUT TO BE DESTROYED
AND YOUR LIFE POINTS ARE
ABOUT TO FLY THE COOP, CROW.
IT'S OVER!
AAH!
GET READY FOR A THRASHIN',
SCOOTER!
ARGH...
THIS FUNNY OLD GUY'S
NOT SO FUNNY ANYMORE.
WHOA, WHAT IS THAT?
FEELS LIKE THE COMMOTION
FROM THE DUEL'S
GONNA BRING THESE
MOUNTAINS OF JUNK
CRASHING DOWN ON US.
CROW! STOP THE DUEL!
WE GOTTA GET OUTTA HERE!
HUH? YOU HEARD 'EM,
GRAMPS. LET'S GO!
WHAT'S A MATTER,
SONNY BOY?
YOU'RE NOT SCARED OF
LOSIN' TO ME, ARE YA?
ALRIGHT, IF THAT'S
HOW IT'S GONNA BE--
I'M ACTIVATING
THE BLACK THUNDER
TRAP CARD!
WHEN A BLACKWING
ON MY FIELD IS
DESTROYED IN BATTLE--
BLACK THUNDER CRASHES
DOWN ON YOU FOR 400
POINTS OF DAMAGE--
FOR EVERY CARD
ON YOUR FIELD!
AND SINCE YOU'VE
GOT SEVEN
CARDS ON YOUR
FIELD, WELL...
HEH! LET'S JUST SAY THIS
MIGHT STING A LITTLE.
AAH!
BASHFORD!
CROW!
HEY LOOK OUT!
CROW! BASHFORD!
WHERE ARE YOU GUYS?!
AH!
WERE YOU LOOKI''
FOR US?
OH, GOOD,
YOU'RE SAFE.
NO...
ADAM'S DUEL ARENA,
THIS CAN'T BE. AH!
AH! STAY BACK.
LET GO OF ME, SQUIRT.
I HAVE TO GET
INTO MY HOUSE.
Yusei: I'M AFRAID
THERE'S NOT MUCH LEFT OF IT.
YUSEI! WHAT
WERE YOU DOING?
I'M SORRY.
YOUR HOUSE WAS BURIED
IN THE RUBBLE,
BUT I WAS ABLE TO GET
OUT IN TIME WITH THIS.
I THOUGHT
YOU MIGHT WANT IT.
AAW, LOOK AT THAT!
A NICE FAMILY MOMENT.
FAMILY?
WE FIGURED YOU DIDN'T
HAVE A FAMILY.
I DON'T, I...
WELL, I...
I DID.
YOU DIDN'T SUMMON
KID JUNK.
I'M GUESSING THAT'S
BECAUSE IT'S NOT PART
OF YOUR DECK, RIGHT?
HUH?
THAT'S RIGHT.
I USED TO HAVE IT, BUT...
I GAVE IT TO MY SON...
I WAS A SCULPTURE ARTIST.
AND I WAS SO FOCUSED
ON MY WORK
THAT I NEGLECTED WHAT WAS REALLY
MOST IMPORTANT TO ME...
WHEN I REALIZED
HOW I'D BEEN ACTING,
I BUILT THIS DUEL ARENA
TO TRY TO MAKE AMENDS,
BUT...IT WAS TOO LATE.
I HAVE WOKEN UP
EVERY DAY SINCE
THINKING "MAYBE THIS'LL
BE THE DAY MY SON COMES
BACK HOME FOR A DUEL."
SO THAT'S WHY YOU DON'T
WANT TO LEAVE THIS PLACE,
YOU'RE WAITING.
IS THAT RIGHT?
YES. I'VE--I'VE SPENT
AN ENTIRE LIFETIME WAITING.
[CRYING]
YA' KNOW WHAT?...
YOU GOT YOURSELF A NEW SON
RIGHT HERE!
HUH?
IN FACT, YOU'VE GOT FOUR,
FOUR GIANT LITTLE BOYS!
HE'S RIGHT.
I WOULD LOVE TO HANG OUT
AND LEARN A THING OR TWO
FROM YOU ABOUT JUNK DECKS.
YES.
I, TOO, WOULD LIKE TO COME
AROUND AND DUEL WITH YOU.
AND IF YOU LIVE
AT MARTHA'S,
YOU'LL BE SURROUNDED
BY MORE GRANDKIDS
THAN YOU CAN SHAKE A CANE AT.
THAT SOUNDS NICE.
Crow: WELL, THEN,
WHAT ARE WE WAITING FOR?
Child: OH! SO COOL!
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT!
IT'S LIKE THE REAL
STARDUST DRAGON!
NO, IT'S EVEN BETTER!
HA HA!
WELL, I DON'T KNOW
IF I'D GO THAT FAR.
IT SEEMS LIKE
HE'LL BE HAPPY HERE.
YOU'VE DONE YOUR GOOD DEED
FOR THE DAY, CROW.
YA' THINK SO?
HEY, CROW, GET OVER HERE.
MY SHOULDERS ARE KILLIN' ME.
COME HERE AND RUB 'EM
FOR ME, WOULD YA?
HUH?
WHY DO I HAVE TO?
QUIT WHININ' AND HELP
A TIRED OLD MAN OUT, CROW.
DON'T YOU WANNA GET IN
YOUR GOOD DEED FOR THE DAY?
I DID THAT!
GO ON, CROW!
YOU'RE HIS NEW SON,
REMEMBER?
OH, YEAH.
THAT'S THE STUFF
RIGHT THERE.
DON'T BE WEAK,
PUT SOME STRENGTH
INTO IT.
OH, LIKE THIS?
OW, OW, OW, OW!
YOU SAID TO PUT
SOME STRENGTH INTO IT!
I DID NOT!
DON'T YOU KNOW YOU'RE
SUPPOSED TO BE GENTLE
WITH YOUR ELDERS?
I CAN'T WIN WITH YOU.
[LAUGHTER]
Blister: GUYS, NOW THAT THE OLD
MAN'S HAPPY, WE NEED TO TALK.
Yusei: TALK ABOUT WHAT?
DID YOU GUYS SEE THE REPORT
ABOUT THAT METEOR THAT HIT
OUTSIDE THE CITY?
YEAH.
WE DIDN'T NEED
A NEWS REPORT,
WE HEARD THE IMPACT.
I'VE BEEN PICKING UP
SOME WEIRD CHATTER
ABOUT IT
ON THE PSB CHANNELS.
WHAT SORT OF CHATTER?
CRYPTIC STUFF...
FROM WHAT I CAN GATHER,
IT SEEMS LIKE IT WASN'T
A ROCK THAT FELL...
I'VE HEARD A FEW REFERENCES
TO "THE STONE TABLET."
THIS WAS TWO WEEKS AGO,
RIGHT?
THAT WAS THE SAME TIME
THAT DUEL BOT GHOST
STARTED SHOWING UP.
THINK THERE MIGHT BE
A CONNECTION THERE?
I DON'T KNOW, BUT WHATEVER
IT IS THAT FELL,
IT SEEMS THE PUBLIC SECURITY
BUREAU GOT HOLD OF IT
AND IS KEEPING IT
VERY HUSH-HUSH.
A STONE TABLET.
A DUEL BOT.
WHAT EXACTLY IS
GOING ON AROUND
HERE?
WELL, WHATEVER IT IS,
ONE THING IS CLEAR--
SOMEONE DOESN'T WANT ANYONE
TO KNOW.